yeah
well dammit god dammit 000
payment Jules hold no you hold
too much traffic motorcycles
bicyclists everything was too
much for the mule and once he
started plunging down that hill
and the jugs were hitting the
bushes all it did was gonna make
them go faster and he threw me
in aspen tree and lucky I didn't
get hurt
oh man I got a lot of blood
we got a problem
yeah full good meal would get
bad to good one that's a good
one that's bad
soon god dammit
somebody left the glass water
jug in the woods and my mule ran
right over it and I got to get a
bandage on there right now hold
my whole little water trip just
got ruined in a heartbeat
I'm hoping that that wound is
superficial just a big cut
sorry scope back in the day we
didn't have all this stuff
buzzing around motorcycles
spooking my mule these mules
would have gotten along just
fine in the horse world which
was where we were back then but
a it is what it is and we don't
live in the past we live in the
the future known got to get
these guys to acclimate to the
modern world that we live in